We are moving on to our tablet.
So this is going to have a 600
pixel minimum dimension,
not terribly different
from what we had before.
So we still have our coffee here on the
side, but now we're gonna have the image
by itself and we're gonna put the text and
the button over here on the outside.
So give that a shot and see if you
can make that next tablet layout and
that will be for 600 pixels and larger.
Great, so I hope that,
that layout process worked okay for you.
We're building on the grid layout
that we had from before and
we're continuing to work that and
expand it a little bit further.
So let's go through exactly how
that is gonna wind up shaking out.
So here we are at a minimum
width of 600 pixels,
hold, let me make sure I'm at
a minimum width of 600 pixels.
And then we can start adding some styling,
so
one of the things that we do
is we make our fancy text
a little bit bigger, font-size of var-xl.
Okay, now we're back into
our card layouts again, so
we're gonna continue to have our cards
all stacked on top of each other.
But now we need to move that button and
the text over to the right of the image,
so let's go through how
we're going to do that.
So .card again,
we've still got this displayed as grid,
now we're going to change
around our columns again,
so grid, template, columns,
40 pixels, 1fr, 0.75fr.
Extensive testing showed that this
was the right dimensions to use.
And then for our grid template rows,
we are going to do a repeat 2,
Min, Max of 25%, 50%.
So, we want to rows and we want those
rows to be between 25% of the height and
50% of the height, we do not want
these to get extensively large.
So that's where we're putting
a little bit of a clamp so
to speak on these particular items.
And then a gap of one rem, so we'll have
a little bit of space in between our
elements here inside of our card.
Now we can go through and
rearrange all of the elements
that are here inside of our card.
Our h2 is more or less in the right place,
but because we have changed
the structure of our card,
I'm going to do this just for security.
And make sure we have it in the right
place, our grid row will be 1/3,
so it's gonna go from the first row down
to the two rows, it's gonna span that.
And it is gonna appear, of course,
grid column in the first column, 1/2.
For the image, .card-image,
we're gonna have its grid
row be 1/3 because again
we want the image to span both of
the rows that we've specified.
So there it's doing that, and we want
this to appear in the second column,
so grid-column will be 2/3,
so there it is there.
For our card image, image,
we're gonna set a minimum
height of 500 pixels,
so it'd be at least 500 pixels tall.
We don't need it to stretch
much further than that.
For our card P,
we want our grid row to be 1/2, so
it's gonna appear in the second row,
there it is,
there's our paragraph right on top of
the image, right on top with the button.
Right there in that first row, remember
that paragraph from our previous media
query has a vanilla background,
so there it is.
And we're gonna say now,
of course, grid-column, 3,
4, which will move it over to the side.
And we'd probably want that text
to align to the top of the image,
so padding-top will be zero, and that
will move it up to the top of the image.
Notice that the button for
order now also moved, why is that?
Remember the button is inside
of a paragraph as well, so,
the style applies to both of those
elements and it moved up to the top.
Okay, for our card of the last of type,
card p last of type,
this is the one that contains the button.
We can now say grid column 3/4 so
we'll move over to that
side very happily on top
of its paragraph here.
But we want it to be underneath of that so
grid-row will be 2/3 and
that'll move it down
underneath of that paragraph.
Then we just need to style up the button
to make it look the way we want it at this
breakpoint.
So we're bringing back some of the styles
that we had earlier for our button.
The background color is transparent,
the color is var, coffee.
The border is two pixels solid var coffee.
And margin-top will be to rim which
will push it down a little bit here
Okay.
And then .button:hover,
our background-color will be coffee.
Our color will be var vanilla,
And our border color will be var coffee.
So we should wind up with that working.
Now, this is not moving down
the way I wanted it to, so
I probably missed something in here.
Okay, well we'll just do that,
I made my column a little bit wider,
that gave me a little bit
more space there for my rows.
And now I've got my order now button
showing up correctly underneath all
of my Various text here.
So you'll want to check all of those and
make sure that you don't
have overlap with those.
And if you do,
there's some other things you can do
with grid to make that work correctly.
So, now we've got three kinds
of cards in one layout.
Are we ready for the fourth one, [LAUGH]?